1 - 404 request po Favico.ico

2- Coutry selection typo - "Germainy" instead of "Germany"

3- You can chose a city not in it's respective country, and only the city selection matters, the coutry automatically updates to the city's respective country

4- the "model" input field doesn't seem to do anything. (It doesn't filter out any models, like it's supposed to)

5- Location: Poland, Wroclaw - This is not what i chose earlier in bug 3: i chose france/wrocław. Also, the display should read Wrocław, Poland instead (because that is the convention of naming cities)

6- the # field (number of car?) is not ordered at all. It also should update dynamically. (Unless it's an orderID system - then it should incorporate more data to make it more expandable and better for SELECTing with ID in SQL)
(Look i know it's just a HTML <tr> with row # but this is usually unacceptable.)


7- The date being incorrect (i.e 1st date being after the 2nd, going back in time) should automatically block the user from sending that data to the API. Theres no front-end handling of it right now.

8-ValueError at /time data '23123-12-31' does not match format '%Y-%m-%d' - you can manually input a bad date. Somehow the date picker works correctly when you input a 5 number or more year.

9- Not sure if bug or just slow API for the demo page, but i kept getting "too much load" at the first click. Maybe just a server issue

10- 404 when trying to click the final "Rent" button with the message "ups, cannot redirect to success url" This is either intended for test purposes or not intended, and a bug.

11- Backing out of an error on /rent/# when clicking "rent" and retrying yields Status:500: "KeyError - dropoff_date". This means the date is now incorrect, so it's a bug.

12- You are able to fill the rent form with incorrect data like:
Name: " "
Surname: " " The names and surnames shouldn't accept only white spaces, as those are usually trimmed on the back-end and would result in a NULL object.
Card number: "111122223333444455556666" which is 24 characters, and normal creidit cards have 16. Also, you can input "1" which is way too short. Tighter front-end valdiation needed.
Email: only validation for email is that it must contain "@" somewhere. It took "@" successfully. It should be X@Y.Z at the minimum. Also takes stuff like " @." which shouldn't work.

13- You are able to get stuck on the "/details" page when backing out to the search page, and clicking "rent" immediately. The "Rent" button doesn't show up in that case.

14- The "Search" button in the top left corner of the page only reidrects you to the baseUrl instead of doing whatever it is supposed to do + it throws a "Please fill pickup and drop off dates" Error.

15- The server randomly 500's and has the too many requests error often. This is most likely not a bug, but problems with internet or API.